Update with changes (#14359)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/cdk-python/README.md

# Connector Development Kit (Python)

    :::info

>     Singer Taps are no longer supported and contributions of this type will not be accepted by the Airbyte team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Airbyte team will no longer accept contributions of Singer-based connectors into the Airbyte repo. However, you can still build and use Singer-based connectors in Airbyte using the CDK.
```

Reviewer: I don't think this should be so high up in the docs -- we're giving Singer more of a central spot than it needs imo. Can it go in the bottom of this section?

Reviewer: > What is the concern around it being a 'central' spot?

it seemed "funny" that the very first thing we say about our own CDK in our own docs is a statement about Singer. We shouldn't be so competitor focused, but rather just focus on our own product.

I like Marcos' suggestion of embedding this note in-line with where we say the CDK supports singer taps

Author: Cool I'll move forward with that!

    :::

The Airbyte Python CDK is a framework for rapidly developing production-grade Airbyte connectors. The CDK currently offers helpers specific for creating Airbyte source connectors for:

* HTTP APIs \(REST APIs, GraphQL, etc..\)

> * Singer Taps

Reviewer: The CDK can still work with Singer. Are you saying this should be hidden/we shouldn't facilitate it for people?  Seems harmless to keep this here.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a note:
* Singer Taps (you can build connectors based on Singer but Airbyte doesn't accept any new singer based connectors?)
